AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) is a web service that enables you to request temporary, limited-privilege credentials for AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) users or for users that you authenticate (federated users).

You can use the AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to create and provide trusted users with temporary security credentials that can control access to your AWS resources. Temporary security credentials work almost identically to the long-term access key credentials that your IAM users can use, with the following differences:

1. Temporary security credentials are short-term, as the name implies. They can be configured to last for anywhere from a few minutes to several hours. After the credentials expire, AWS no longer recognizes them or allows any kind of access from API requests made with them.
    
2. Temporary security credentials are not stored with the user but are generated dynamically and provided to the user when requested. When (or even before) the temporary security credentials expire, the user can request new credentials, as long as the user requesting them still has permission to do so.
    

Temporary security credentials are generated by AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS). By default, AWS STS is a global service with a single endpoint at https://sts.amazonaws.com. However, you can also choose to make AWS STS API calls to endpoints in any other supported Region.

## USE CASE

Which service/tool will you use to create and provide trusted users with temporary security credentials that can control access to your AWS resources?

AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS)